1.What is a protocol stack, and how is it used in web development?
Answer => 
In web development protocol stack is used to established the connection between browers and server. 
Most commonly used protocolstacks are TCP(Transmission Control Protocol) and IP (Internet Protocol).

2.What are the different types of web servers, and how do they differ in terms of functionality and performance?
Answer => 
There are so many different types of web server available like Nginx, Apache, Microsoft etc.
Each webserver has it's own strengths and weaknesses depending on various conditions like amount traffic adn size of web app.
Before choosiing the webserver for our website we need to analyse the requirements and features of website.

3.What is web hosting, and what are the different types of hosting services available for websites?
Answer =>
Web hosting gives us to make our website online by using internet. There are many different types like
    1. Shared hosting.
    2. VPS (Virtual Private Server) hosting.
    3. Cloud hosting.
    4. Dedicated hosting.
    5. Managed hosting.
Chossing web hosting is depends on the size of websote and amount trafiice it will recieve.

4.What is scaling, and why is it important for web applications? How does scaling differ for vertical and horizontal scaling?
Answer =>
Scaling is process where we increase our hosting resources depending on the traffic it recieves.
There are two types of scaling
    1.Vertical Scaling.
    2.Horizontal Scaling.
In Vertical scaling we increase our hositng resources like RAM, ROM adn CPU.
In Horizontal scaling we add another server instance so that load is diveded into multiple instances which can be configure.

5.What is SEO (Search Engine Optimization), and how can web developers optimize their websites for better search engine rankings?
Answer=>
SEO (Search Engine Optimization) is a preactice to increase the visiblity and rankings of website over google search result so that our website get better traffic.
There are many best preactice we have to follow to meet google requirements like.
    1.Quality content.
    2.Backlinks from high authority website.
    3.Relevants keywords and tags.
    4.Website should load fast.
    5.Internal linking